documentation: Add Nextcloud integration documentation. (#37288)
zulip/zulip: templates/zerver/integrations/nextcloud.md

# Zulip Nextcloud integration

> Send files from Nextcloud to Zulip as uploaded files, public shared links, or internal shared links.

Reviewer: Why is this not matching what's explicitly stated in the issue?

```suggestion
Send Nextcloud files in Zulip messages as uploaded files, public shared links, or internal shared links.
```

{start_tabs}

1. {!create-a-generic-bot.md!}

> 1. Download the bot’s `zuliprc` file.

Author: I will add detail steps for downloading zuliprc file

# Zulip Nextcloud integration

Send Nextcloud files in Zulip messages as uploaded files, public shared links, or internal shared links.

{start_tabs}

1. {!create-a-generic-bot.md!}

> 1. Then go to **Settings → Personal settings → Bots**.Find the bot you created and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Download the bot's `zuliprc` file.](zulip.com/api/configuring-python-bindings#download-a-zuliprc-file).
```
Probably something like this, I'm not sure.

# Zulip Nextcloud integration

Send Nextcloud files in Zulip messages as uploaded files, public
shared links, or internal shared links.

{start_tabs}

1. {!create-a-generic-bot.md!}

> 1. [Get the bot’s API key.](https://zulip.com/api/api-keys#get-api-key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Copy the bot's credentials by clicking the **copy**
   (<i class="zulip-icon zulip-icon-copy"></i>) icon under the bot's name.
```

This is what's being used in the Onyx doc.

Author: Sure I will use this
